Introduction
============

MondoRescue is the premier GPL disaster recovery suite for Linux/FreeBSD.

This is the Mindi part of MondoRescue. Mindi is responsible for creating boot
media used by MondoRescue. The part of MondoReccue responsible carrying out the
actual backups and restores is called Mondo and available as a separate
package.

MondoRescue is reliable. It backs up your server or workstation to tape, CD-R,
CD-RW, DVD, NFS or hard disk partition. In the event of catastrophic data loss,
you will be able to restore all of your data [or as much as you want], from
bare metal if necessary. MondoRescue is in use by numerous blue-chip
enterprises and large organizations, dozens of smaller companies, and tens of
thousands of users.

MondoRescue is comprehensive. MondoRescue supports LVM, RAID, ext2, ext3, ext4,
JFS, XFS, ReiserFS, VFAT, and can support additional file systems easily. It
supports adjustments in disk geometry, including migration from non-RAID to
RAID. MondoRescue runs on all major Linux distributions and FreeBSD and is
getting better all the time. You may even use it to backup non-Linux
partitions, such as NTFS.


Installation
============

You can get the latest packages from
ftp://ftp.mondorescue.org

Please see file 'INSTALL' for instructions about how to build and install
Mindi. Note that your distribution may already contain MondoRescue, so all you
may have to do is install the mindi package and you are all set.


Documentation
=============

Various documentation is available on the MondoRescue website at 
http://www.mondorescue.org/docs/docs.html. This documentation may also be
available locally under /usr/share/doc/mondo-<version> or similar (or under
/usr/local).

Further to that, there is a manpage for mindi(8).


Support
=======

Apart from the above-mentioned documentation, there is a Wiki with growing
contents at the following URL: http://trac.mondorescue.org

Also, there is a mailing list mondo-devel@lists.sourceforge.net. Please go to
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/mondo-devel for further
information and the opportunity to subscribe to or unsubscribe from the list.
